# Northeast Castle

Traveling along the wall towards the northwest from the Gatehouse, and you arrive at the Northeast Castle, the structure that anchors this portion of the wall to the mountains to its North. This castle has two entrances, one at ground level close to the Northeast Warehouse, and one at the wall level on its west side. There's also nothing preventing you from adding more entrances between the pub and the castle, since the pub is built into the side of the castle.

The castle building itself is a Prison-style building, which means it has the exterior crossroads through its middle. Other than the directions that goes through the middle of the castle from the walls to the back garden of Palace of the Kings, there is a third direction that simply stops at a balcony for views, and a fourth direction that leads out to another balcony that can look outside the city. The structure here are placed such that enemies couldn't jump onto it from the mountain rocks nearby, thus maintaining defensive integrity.

The Prison-style building with the cross road going through its bottom may make interior design a bit of a challenge. Though it's also worth remembering that the majority of the building is actually below the crossroads, and the portion above the crossroads actually isn't that big. So perhaps put your palaces on ground level and have tower-like interiors that goes up and connect to the wall-level door. Worst case scenario, the interior doesn't have to match the exterior. As long as it's not blatantly different, I imagine few players would really notice or care.
